our first guest tonight is one of the
most talented beings on this or any
planet he returns to the very thing that
brought him to us television with a
brand new show called kidding and
premieres Sunday night on Showtime
please welcome Jim Carrey
[Applause]
let's see what this baby can do
[Music]
[Applause]
I love it
you can pick them up anywhere and you
can just drop them wherever you need to
yeah yeah peep anywhere you want keep it
just love it I know I guess they do it's
weird do you want to try seriously
anybody can do it to try something new
come on get your feet up there get your
center of gravity
now watch the throttle it's a bit hot
all right
[Applause]
it's just beautiful
[Music]
foot-powered thing
[Applause]
[Music]
Wow
[Applause]
oh my gosh
[Music]
I feel like I didn't do anything bad
[Applause]
I said they were bad and it turns out
well look at that Jim Carrey everybody
thanks for watching if you liked that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings